GEORGE WOODARD: Bacon and eggs
all right for breakfast, Henry?
HENRY: Yes.
GEORGE WOODARD: That's
good because that's
what we're getting.
My name is George Woodard.
And I've got a small dairy farm
in middle of the state Vermont,
which is over on the east
side of the country there.
If you're looking at a
map, it's on the right.
Hey, you know what?
-What?
Your mouse has got five legs.
Oh wait.
Oh, yeah.
Oh no.
Oh.
Oh, I put that as
a tail, I forgot.
I thought that was a leg.
Oh, better erase one
of them tails, huh?
Well this farm was bought
by my grandfather in 1912.
And he farmed it until
my father and mother took
over in '46 after World War II.
In '75, when I
got out of school,
I couldn't figure on what to do,
and we had this farm, you see.
So I decided, well, you
know, maybe I'll raise up
a bunch of calves, milk cows.
So that was 25 years
ago and I'm still here.
How about that?
Ha ha.
How do you like my milk stool?
That's pretty good, huh?
Don't come much
better than that.
If you got this cow over
here, you got the machine on,
you got this cow
over here and you're
starting this cow like this.
That machine
happens to fall off,
you just whip around quick,
grab it quick, just like that!
Yeah, that's pretty good.
The thing about working
seven days a week
is you don't have to
worry going back to work
on Monday when Sunday comes.
Don't dread it, you know.
One of the great things
about having a small farm
is you get to see
your child grow up.
You don't send them to day
care, and that kind of thing.
You know, I have my son half
the time, every other week.
He's here with me all day,
and it's just delightful.
Just watch him grow up here.
And look how-- look how he's
over there with that cow.
And it's just a beautiful thing.
Just beautiful.
And he's a good boy.
He plays fiddle.
Takes fiddle lessons.
He doesn't like it, but he
does it anyway, you know.
[FIDDLING]
GEORGE WOODARD: Once more.
Hee hee hee ha ha.
I love that.
(SINGING) Some day I'm
going to climb up and down
the other side of the mountain.
Some day, I'm gonna fly,
some where over the rainbow.
And I'm gonna make
my dreams come true.
La da da dee dee dee dee
la da dee dee dee dee
And I'm gonna make
my dreams come true.
Yes, sir.
Hey, another good one
you've written there, George.
What do you mean another?
It's the only I ever wrote.
Oh.
GEORGE WOODARD: For
the last three years,
I've kind of delved
into a little bit
of film directing
using my nephews,
and nieces, and my son.
But hold on that for
a couple seconds,
so that-- so that we can
cut in the middle of it.
OK?
Action.
I try to create stories
around what I've got right
here, to keep my expenses down.
For instance, this is just a set
that I threw up in my hay barn
here.
Cut.
Good.
One take.
It is fun to watch the
whole thing come together
with everybody participating.
I'm in a production called
"Dracula, the Musical."
Ahh.
He's got a great
sense of humor.
Uh-huh.
GEORGE WOODARD: Come my
darling, come take my hand.
Let's fly away.
BAND MEMBER 1: He'll
do a whole performance
and then go home
and milk the cows.
BAND MEMBER 2:
Tear the set down.
BAND MEMBER 1: Uh-huh.
BAND MEMBER 2: Go home and milk.
And do it again the next day.
GEORGE WOODARD: (SINGING) I
ain't saying that my life is
bad, but Lord, I wish that I
only the comforts that they
can't build in machines.
BAND MEMBER 1: There was a
period of time when he left
the farm and went out West.
Went out to California.
I loved LA.
I loved it.
It was great.
But this works on a small scale,
and that seems to be-- seems
to be enough, for me, anyway.
(SINGING) Running naked
in the summertime.
And clothes out drying
on an old clothes line.
Fishing on a lake
with a friend of mine.
There's nothing more
important than watching
your children grow up,
learn new things every day.
(SINGING) Sunshine.
Ah, I just love it more
than anything else.